Hi everyone.
So let's see about that.
Not a plain matter on a single column of the data frame object.
So we have already seen this thing in our cities sex and date how to apply this apply matter and applying
those particular logic v rapidly into one particular function and applied on every single value available
in that particular C.D. object.
Now here also we are going to take one single column with a secure link to the one C.D. object only
so we are going to use the same dataset.
So I am just executing and let us display what we can do with this dataset on which particular column
we can apply this display matter.
So we have a brand new data frame objects that we limit you know the F object.
So let's think about the one use case like a salary.
So in a salary we hold just the two unique values that are relevant.
So either salary will be less than 50 gay dollar or degraded in triplicate or we can even verify Twitter
unique matter.
So we have already learned about the unique metric here.
So you can see we have to lose only possible values that are relevant in a salary column.
So one is the less than fit together and both are like an object only.
Now let's say we want to create one more new column which is dependent on this particular salary column.
So we'll take this salary column and we'll apply one particular function and inside that particular
function we are going to write the logic.
So let's say we'll create a very simple logic like a Will just map all those data fed the salaries let's
say list then we pick a dollar we'll just married to one number.
So let's say a number will be let's say 1 and very well the salary is created in triplicate.
It will just maybe 2 the one of the number let's say it will be.
OK let's create a one function first.
So to create a function in a by turn be able to start with the deaf keyboard.
And then the function name.
So let's say the function name will you like and call salary because here we are encoding the salary
value into two unique numbers.
OK.
Let me take salary as input
and after that we'll write of a logic.
So let's say if salary will compare with the first two anyway.
So it will be a space and listing for Tiki.
OK.
And then hold and religious return let's say of a number.
Oh sorry.
Someone else will donate to.
OK so we created the function.
Now let's apply this particular function on a salary column.
So when we tried to grab the salary column which is nothing but the equivalent to one full fledged series
object and that we have already seen.
So in this video we'll just apply on a one single column and in the next video we'll see how to apply
on a multiple different columns.
So let's grab first the salary column and if a display in this particular column so I have a values
like a list then 58 and denigrated in triplicate.
Now let me just play custom function what we're just now created a play
and code selling and let's see particularly time.
So very well the value is less than free ticket it should be done on one.
Otherwise it will return to.
So you can see there are some places it has a return of one otherwise it has returned to.
So that means that this function got played on every single value really well in a salary column and
we'll grab this salary as a input argument to this particular function.
So while applying this particular function to every single value of the salary column that particular
value has been mapped to the salary variable.
OK now we got the results.
Let me just assign it.
So we are going to create a brand new different column.
So let's say I am going to create another column let's say and call it
salary.
Okay.
And let me just assign the full apply part to this new column name like and call it salary and let us
display first few records.
Now you can see we are just scored all values which is 1 Let's try with some more few values so you
can see that at some plays I gotta do so.
So it has generated a second new column which is having a completely desired value from the salary column.
So Bill now we'll just apply it on a one single column and we'll use just that particular column to
derive our newly created column like I encoded in their scores salary.
Now in the next video we'll see how to use all this data frame and we'll apply this a play function
on a whole data object and any of the column we can use to manipulate and create some new data.
OK.
So that is all about this video.
See the next video.